[Music]
we're sailing towards an iceberg little
white peak in the distance getting
closer and closer but really it's been
underneath us the whole time
it's nothing worse than a kid we have
some bad news on the case the print we
lifted from the victim it's from your
son there's got to be an explanation
they go to the same school Jacob singers
class yes we know that Lynne have you
arrested my son before we begin I want
to make something clear a kid your age
charged with first-degree murder
is tried as an adult I swear I didn't
we believe you you have admitted to
being in the park and a fellow student
alleges you had a knife she would bring
to school I guess they're saying he
looks smug and remorseless this is gonna
follow him around for the rest of his
life it's a mistake I'm gonna figure it
out chief any doubts about Jacobs and us
no of course not
where is the knife now
so you've been lying to me I did what
any parent would have done he'll eat his
fate up to the courtroom my only job now
is trying to protect our son recruiters
in our own home
acting like verdoorn we are know oh my
god do you think this is normal
you gotta get answers for ourselves I
know what you did
lawyers have boundaries I don't have
anymore
remember that in their eyes it isn't
just Jacob who's guilty
you all are did you follow me he's
damaging this is evidence you're scaring
him good he should be scared I'm scared
so I have to know I want the truth
you can be a good man or you can be a
good father
there was no normal to go back to it was
just before and after
you